Project Description

This project is a simple Multi-step-form application built using React. Users can add the details in the form. 

Getting Started

Clone the repository to your local machine:

git clonehttps://github.com/upendra009/taksta-tech.git
Install the required dependencies:
npm install

Start the development server:
npm start


Open the application in your browser at http://localhost:3000
Technologies Used
React
JavaScript
HTML
CSS


Contributing
If you would like to contribute to this project, please create a new branch and submit a pull request. We will review and merge the request if it meets the project's standards.

Authors
Upendra



------------------------------------------PROJECT STRUCTURE -----------------------------------------------------------------
my-react-app/
├── node_modules/
├── public/
│   ├── index.html
│   └── ...
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   │   ├── confirm.js
│   │   ├── FormPersonalDetails.js
│   │   ├── FormUserDetails.js
│   │   ├── Success.js
|   |   ├──userForm.js
│   ├── redux
│   ├── actions
│   ├── containers
│   └── Reducers
├── package.json
├── package-lock.json
├── README.md
└──



node_modules/: This folder contains all the project's dependencies that are installed using npm or yarn.
public/: This folder contains all the static files of the project such as the index.html file, and any other assets like images or fonts.
src/: This folder contains all the source code for the project.
components/: This folder contains all the reusable components that make up the project.
Redux: This folder contains all the files required for state management in react
package.json: This file contains all the project's dependencies, scripts, and other metadata.
package-lock.json: This file is automatically generated and is used to lock the dependencies versions
README.md: This file contains documentation and instructions on how to run the project.